Docs: Convert Extending and Answers chapters (#4751)
geodynamics/aspect: doc/sphinx/user/extending/write-a-plugin.md

        shared library at startup so that the plugin becomes available at run
        time and can be selected from the input parameter file. This is done
        using the `Additional shared libraries` parameter in the input file,

>         see {ref}`sec:3.1`. This approach has the upside that you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        see {ref}`parameters:Additional_20shared_20libraries`. This approach has the upside that you can
```

In such cases, you can either define multiple shared libraries by repeating the calls to `PROJECT`,
`ADD_LIBRARY` and `ASPECT_SETUP_PLUGIN` for each shared library in your `CMakeLists.txt` file
above, or you can just compile all of your source files into a single shared library. In the latter
case, you only need to list a single library in your input file, but each plugin will still be selectable
in the various sections of your input file as long as each of your classes has a corresponding
`ASPECT_REGISTER_*` statement somewhere in the file where you have its definition. An even
simpler approach is to just put everything into a single file – there is no requirement that different
plugins are in separate files, though this is often convenient from a code organization point of
view.
:::

:::{note}
If you choose to compile your plugins into a shared library yourself, you will need to
recompile them every time you upgrade your ASPECT installation since we do not guarantee
that the ASPECT application binary interface (ABI) will remain stable, even if it may not be
necessary to actually change anything in the *implementation* of your plugin
:::

> :::{admonition} TODO
> {ref}`sec:3.1` refers to a parameter file, which is not set up yet.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
